# Changes from 0.6.0 to 0.6.1

* Backport cosign v2 changes to the 0.6.x branch.

# Changes from 0.5.0 to 0.6.0

* Environment variables in the image configuration are now sorted
  for reproducibility.

* Tags can now be automatically generated based on a specified
  package's version.  The tags will be stemmed if this feature is
  used.

* Support for tracking individual files in SBOMs has been added for
  SPDX SBOMs.

* SPDX SBOMs generated with apko are now compliant with the SPDX 2.3
  specification.

* Support for glibc-based images has been added, such as configuring
  the dynamic linker cache via `ldconfig`.  This is needed for building
  images for Wolfi.

* Apko no longer clobbers `/etc/os-release` if it is already present,
  unless an override is explicitly requested.

* Support for adding suffixes to tags when publishing has been added
  via the `--tag-suffix` option.

* When using `proot`, apko no longer tries to `chown` or `chmod`
  anything.

* Support for publishing to the local Docker daemon has been added
  via the `--local` option.

# Changes from 0.4.0 to 0.5.0

* Add support for including base configuration with the `include`
  property.  These includes can reference a local file or a remote
  file hosted on a git forge.

* Add support for declaring custom OCI annotations.  These
  annotations can be provided on the command line or added to
  the YAML configuration.

* Index SBOMs are now created for multi-arch images.

* Many quality improvements in the SBOMs generated by apko, for
  example, PUrls are now correctly generated for OCI images.

* Account names specified in `run-as` are now mapped to UIDs at
  image creation time.

* Source repositories where apko configuration files live are now
  included as the org.opencontainers.image.source annotation.
  Users may build with `--vcs=false` to disable this feature or
  explicitly set the `vcs-url:` property in the YAML configuration.

* Permissions on the `s6` supervision tree are fixed for rootless
  images.

* Logging infrastructure has been changed to Logrus.

# Changes from 0.3.3 to 0.4.0

* Allow the apk installed DB to be attached as an "IDB" SBOM.
  This can be used for scanning a runtime container for deviations
  with the `apk audit` command.

* The Tekton apko task is now automatically generated as part of
  the release process.

* Creation times for SPDX SBOMs are now determined from the
  `SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH` environment variable for consistency with
  other artifacts (such as the image filesystem modification times).

* OCI mediatypes are now used by default instead of the Docker ones.
  If you want to use Docker mediatypes (e.g. for quay.io), you can
  use the `--use-docker-mediatypes` option.

* A new `show-config` applet has been added to show all of the
  configuration for an image that was derived from loading a YAML
  file.

* The CLI commands are no longer exported for public consumption
  from other projects.

# Changes from 0.3.2 to 0.3.3

* Ensure home directories are created with 0755 permissions.

# Changes from 0.3.1 to 0.3.2

* Ensure all home directories for accounts in `/etc/passwd` are present
  and have the correct permissions.

# Changes from 0.3.0 to 0.3.1

* Allow `entrypoint` to be blank.

* Add new `cmd` statement to the YAML configuration.

* Generate `/etc/alpine-release` (or equivalent) legacy files when
  `/etc/os-release` generation is requested.  This helps with Trivy
  scanning.

# Changes from 0.2.2 to 0.3.0

* Significantly improved documentation.

* Add support for generating `/etc/os-release` files for scanner
  compatibility.

* Fix specification of architectures in apko YAML configuration
  files.

* Add support for doing various path mutations on an image,
  like changing the owner of a file or its permissions.

* Attach SBOMs to built images.

* Use pargzip to compress images for speed.

* Improve test coverage by refactoring the code to allow for
  mock implementations.

* Properly track hardlinks when generating a layer tarball.

# Changes from 0.2.1 to 0.2.2

* Added `apko login` as alternative to `docker login`.

* Fixes for logging in "early" build contexts for paths outside
  `apko publish`.

* Provide a default environment for the image configuration.

* Set the `mediaType` on OCI indexes when publishing so that
  `ko` can use them correctly.

# Changes from 0.2.0 to 0.2.1

* Minor brown-paper-bag fix for multitagging.

# Changes from 0.1.2 to 0.2.0

* New option `--use-proot` for rootless image builds.

* Support for multi-arch builds in `apko publish`, this requires
  the qemu emulators to be installed.  If you do not want to use
  qemu emulation, then use the `--arch` option to do a single
  architecture build.

* Added `--keyring-append` and `--repositories-append` options.

* Added management of UIDs and GIDs, for an example of how to use
  this functionality, see the `examples/alpine-base-rootless.yaml`
  file.

* Added support for multiple tags in `apko publish`.

# Changes from 0.1.1 to 0.1.2

* Minor bugfix for usage scenario involving the APK system
  keyring.

# Changes from 0.1 to 0.1.1

* Build system refactoring c/o Jason Hall and Carlos Panato

* Support for copying the APK system keyring if no explicit
  keyring is configured, c/o Adolfo García Veytia (Puerco)

* Support for outputting the image digest, allowing it to
  be used as an input for `ko build` c/o Jason Hall

